In this video I have an assignment for you and that is to add rest to a project.
So when I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a air quotes micro services project.
Actually if you'd been taking my micro services course you've seen this project before but this is a
separate repository altogether just snapped on the branches.
This is gonna be perfect for our needs and that's so it's a very simple project with some controllers
that really no back end on it.
So it's just controllers.
We got controller tests done.
So the mark MVC stuff is already there and we have a couple of controllers to work with.
We have POA Joes and the poachers do have constraints on them.
So we have just about everything that we need and want to to go through the opportunity to actually
go through all the steps that we learned in this section of the course go out there configure maven
for the rest of it's bringing the dependencies bring in the necessary build plugins.
Add in that template that is going to be used by ASCII Doctor configure the test so the tests including
constraints.
Remember we had a whole video on documenting how to do a constraint so add that.
Also remember we used the Maven resources plug in to add new docs in the static documentation to Spring
Boot.
So go ahead and do that.
Now this is kind of a large assignment.
So rather than do everything live code I'm going to go through a code review and this repository I'm
going to check my code in on a separate branch so the master branch of this project that you'll find
in the course resources that is going to be the project without any the rest Doc stuff in it and then
I'm going to complete the assignment and do that on a branch.
So you'll be able to go and do a different branches and see everything but we'll also go through a code
review in the next video of what was changed so it'll be a little bit quick and we'll rehash things
too much.
Really a cookie cutter from what we did.
But I'll give you a chance to apply what you've learned and also see any changes in deltas of what I
do.
So probably a good idea to go ahead and form this repository your own repo then work on it from there
and then you will have the capabilities to duffs to my repository to see what was different so if you
run into any problems if you forget a step or something and start working you'll be able to do a different
see what is different.
So again in the next video we will have a complete code review of what this assignment is all about.